#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage[unicode=true] {hyperref}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section*
Non-maximum suppression
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Non-maximum suppression is a way to eliminate all image information that
 is not part of the local maxima by setting all non-maximal pixels to zero.
 Our implementation is based on morphological gray-scale dilation defined
 by the formula
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
\left(F\oplus S\right)\left(x,y\right)=\max_{\left(x',y'\right)\in D_{S}}\left[F\left(x-x',y-y'\right)+S\left(x',y'\right)\right]\,,
\end{equation}

\end_inset

where 
\begin_inset Formula $F$
\end_inset

 is an input image, 
\begin_inset Formula $S$
\end_inset

 is a structuring element, and 
\begin_inset Formula $D_{S}$
\end_inset

 is the domain of 
\begin_inset Formula $S$
\end_inset

.
 Gray-scale dilation is a more general approach than the local maximum method
 described above, because the structuring element can be of any form in
 principle.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We first perform a gray-scale dilation of the input image using a structuring
 element of size 
\begin_inset Formula $l\times l$
\end_inset

 with all entries set to zero, where 
\begin_inset Formula $l$
\end_inset

 is a dilation radius given by the user.
 The approximate molecular positions are extracted by finding pixels in
 the original image that have intensities equal to corresponding pixels
 in the dilated image and also have an intensity greater than a user-specified
 threshold.
 Essentially, a binary image can be built with all non-maximum pixels set
 to zero and with all local maxima set to one.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Threshold
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Only local maxima with intensity higher than a threshold value are used
 as molecule candidates.
 Threshold can be specified as a fixed number or a formula containing image
 statistics.
 See 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
href{Threshold.html}{Threshold}
\end_layout

\end_inset

 for more information.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
