#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage[unicode=true] {hyperref}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section*
Lateral drift correction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
ThunderSTORM supports lateral drift correction using the method of Mlodzianoski
 et
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

al.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Mlodzianoski2011"

\end_inset

.
 Here, the list of localized molecules is split into 
\begin_inset Formula $n+1$
\end_inset

 batches based on the frame in which they appeared.
 Each batch is used to render one super-resolution sub-image.
 The presumption of this method is that similar structures will appear in
 all reconstructed sub-images.
 Cross-correlation methods are used to determine the shift between the first
 sub-image and each of the subsequent sub-images.
 This leads to 
\begin_inset Formula $n$
\end_inset

 cross-correlation images, where the shift in the position caused by the
 drift corresponds to the relative position between the global intensity
 maximum peaks.
 The localized peaks are assigned to the central frame of each batch sequence
 and the drift for intermediate frames is determined by local regression
 using third degree polynomials.
 The original molecular coordinates are corrected for the drift using the
 estimated values.
 The cross-correlation calculation can be limited to a region of interest,
 allowing users to use a fiducial marker for drift correction.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In our implementation, super-resolution images are rendered by the 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
href{../rendering/ui/ASHRenderingUI.html}{average shifted histograms}
\end_layout

\end_inset

 method, cross-correlation images are computed by Fast Fourier Transform
 methods as implemented in ImageJ, and the location of global intensity
 maximum peaks is determined with sub-pixel precision using the 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
href{../estimators/ui/RadialSymmetryEstimatorUI.html}{radial symmetry}
\end_layout

\end_inset

 method.
 The number of batches 
\begin_inset Formula $n$
\end_inset

 is user-defined as is the magnification of rendered super-resolution sub-images.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
renewcommand
\backslash
bibname{References}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
bibfiles "references"
options "plain"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
