#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage[unicode=true] {hyperref}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section*
Visualization methods
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Visualization (rendering) of SMLM data involves creation of a new super-resoluti
on image based on the coordinates of the localized molecules.
 ThunderSTORM offers several methods, all of which support both two-dimensional
 visualization and slice-by-slice three-dimensional visualization.
 In the three-dimensional case, each image slice contains a
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

visualization of molecules with axial positions in the user-specified range.
 The desired magnification ratio of the new super-resolution image to the
 original image is user-specified.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Labeling
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000

\emph on
Input:
\emph default
 A list of coordinates with sub-pixel positions of the molecules.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Labeling
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000

\emph on
Output:
\emph default
 A super-resolution image with user-specified size and magnification.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Guidelines for the choice of parameters
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The proposed average shifted histogram method provides similar results as
 Gaussian rendering with a fixed sigma, but is orders of magnitude faster.
 Both methods result in a molecular density map.
 The Gaussian rendering approach can further show the calculated localization
 accuracy for each molecule.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
See also
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
href{ScatterRenderingUI.html}{Scatter plot}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
href{HistogramRenderingUI.html}{Histogram}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
href{ASHRenderingUI.html}{Averaged shifted histograms}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
href{DensityRenderingUI.html}{Gaussian rendering}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
